Icon sizing consistency (#1522)
looker-open-source/components: CHANGELOG.md

- `Tooltip` now has a default `maxWidth` of `30rem` (this can be overridden)
- `Span` replaced all library-internal usage of `Text` with `Span`
- `Code`, `CodeBlock` & `Paragraph` now explicitly use `theme.colors.text` as default color

> - Adjusted icons sizes in `IconButtons`, `Button`, `MenuItems`, `TextField` to ensure consitent sizing across components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adjusted icons sizes in `IconButtons`, `Button`, `MenuItems`, `InputText`, `InputSearch` to ensure consistent sizing across components
```
